
# BCI Automation

### Abstract
A system which switches the home appliances with the intensity control using EEG signals. EEG(Electroencephalography) or Brain Waves are the most complex and feeble signalswhich can be extracted and worked to attain different objectives. A Brain Computer Interface(BCI) acts as an interconnection between the signal generated from human gazes, and other senses which leads to a thought process for any action through transmitting that signal to the computer for further processing to attain a desirable output. Home automation using BCI is an advanced version of Automation where the devices would be considered as a type virtual human organ which reacts whenever body wants a change and can be switched whenever the human brain generates a control signal, due to the nearby conditions. The feeble signals received by the Non-Invasive BCI unit is amplified and classified using CNN algorithms and processed to get the desired signal to make the swap
or change the current mode as per the intensity of the extracted wave. The development in home automation is moving forward towards the future in creating the ideal smart homes environment. Optionally, home automation system design also been developed for certain situation which for those who need a special attention such as old age person, sick patients, and handicapped person. A brain–computer interface (BCI), often called a mind-machine interface (MMI), or sometimes called a brain–machine interface (BMI), it is a direct communication pathway between the brain and an external device. A brain–computer interface (BCI) is a device that enables severely disabled people to communicate and interact with their environments using their brain waves. Most research investigating BCI in humans has used scalp-recorded electroencephalography or intracranialelectrocorticography. The use of brain signals obtained directly from stereotactic depth
electrodes to control a BCI has not previously been explored. In this paper, we present a smart home automation system using brain–computer interface.
